going to watch julian play bball. i want phoebe 
gets kinda annoyed for no apparent reason  off to do some religion homework, then some english D:
bahah, two days before my birthday, i'll be in the shittest mood ever! D: beware of seb on the 28th of April 
@amazingphoebe i guess so :/ but i'ma still be hell fucked off those nights regardless, i guess 
i want Sykes back, really bad 
i have realised something. whenever i can't text phoebe i email her, like in macau, i emailed her endlessly, it's the same now  no Sykes!
@amazingphoebe i can't see you tomorrow morning, we're going out for birthday breakfast with grandma. i'll talk to you when i get home 
@amazingphoebe i love you  maybe it's a good thing if i don't care as much. and tell me, please, how many chances have you already had?
@amazingphoebe i don't know what to do, because anything i say now, will sound rich. so the only thing i can do is go 
@amazingphoebe i have to be up in three hours time, so i'm going to try and get some sleep. i'll talk to you later, i guess  night xxxx
@amazingphoebe i do want to care! you just make it so extremely difficult sometimes  i do want to love you  yes? :/ night  xxxxx
i hate it when i have to sleep in julian's room, small bed (NN) my feet hang off the edge 
i get too suspicious of little stuff, especially when it's night and i think and remember 
@amazingphoebe yeah, i did think that, maybe you should have been unforgiving in the first place  you could hurt me that much, you could
@amazingphoebe mum said you couldn't come over 
@amazingphoebe don't you have work tomorrow too or some shit? 
@amazingphoebe alright, so think of something to do tomorrow, and we'll do it  until then, i'm gonna get off twitter  i love you 
@amazingphoebe alright, i'll talk to mum about it  i'll talk to you later i guess  i love you
about to have dinner, then i have to play lego with the cousin, i just want phoebe 
@amazingphoebe i can't go out, i can't walk  i had to have dinner and stuff  but you didn't even try to stop me  oh well 
@amazingphoebe jumped off the trampoline, landed funny. already a massive bruise, think i might have sprained it 
@amazingphoebe i would have preferred to have known you didn't want me to go, then to think you don't care 
@amazingphoebe well, not really care, just like, you didn't want me to stay  sjkdfhasdf and don't say that 
@amazingphoebe i don't know what to say or do  i love you 
@amazingphoebe if what had been said in that text message didn't bother me, you'd think i didn't care, true? 
i want a car 
@amazingphoebe mmh, you are stupid sometimes, but not as much as me, for i am the stupid, fucked up, retarded one in our relationship 
i have to go look after oscar for the rest of the night, i'll talk later  i love her, very muchly  probably find it hard to believe 
i made it (Y) @amazingphoebe it isn't my fault 
@amazingphoebe nothing, it doesn't matter  i love you 
@amazingphoebe i don't know yet phoebe, i'll ask mum soon, i guess 
@amazingphoebe if that's what you want to believe, then be my guest 
@amazingphoebe you're right, it doesn't matter  will do (Y)
@amazingphoebe it is until you actually start believing me again 
@amazingphoebe mmmh, we sounded a bit like that the yesterday :/ 
@amazingphoebe that made me feel really bad  worse than i already did  i'm sorry 
@amazingphoebe mmmh  i'll see you soon then 
@amazingphoebe how was work last night anyway? 
is it sad that i check my emails just in case? 
@amazingphoebe what did you and the father fight about?  i want you tooo 
@amazingphoebe what the fuck babe? :/ do you want me to go on skype? 
@amazingphoebe i emailed you baby  eeek, i'll call you tonight yes 
@amazingphoebe call kayla first, i'll give you a call after, cos i need to do some homework, sorry 
@amazingphoebe read it from my point of view. you did. it doesn't matter. i'll talk to you later or something, i miss you though 
@amazingphoebe you tell me not to take my bad moods on you, but you just did then?  oh well, it doesn't matter 
@amazingphoebe why are you jumpy? :/  oh well, you're not stupid, but you're right, it doesn't matter  don't be sorry, no point 
@amazingphoebe you just did phoebe lolol hang on a sec 
@amazingphoebe told him to leave you alone D: i told him too kiddo 
i still need to take some panadol 
@amazingphoebe you're not oblivious, i just never show it, not like, when it's over something silly  i want you too kiddo 
soon, I think 
in the car on the way home D: /verysad 
or not then :/ oh well 
time goes really slowly when you're waiting 
hate leaving 
just burning stupid windows seven to a dvd, gonna try and install it on my old pc, cos it won't let me use aero on my virtual machine! 
acsvxdcbgfn soccer now. shall see young phoebe after D: I don't want her dressed up though 
dinner now. massive headache. my jaw aches. worried. scared. upset. you name it 
aszcfxvdgcbfh i might go to sleep 
watching the boys play fifa, while playing tower defence games D: still another hour and a half. it's taken for ages 
less than an hour... if she actually gets out on time 
i worry too much sometimes. 
@WillBressington you forgot about me! 
chelsea have won  they seem to strong 
heading to bed. really disappointed  stupid fucking chelsea and lampard the dick cheese eater.
ascfvdgh texting @amazingphoebe even though she's @ work 
in bed all cuddled up to her hoodie 
woah. time goes past really quickly when I'm writing a text. it's kinda annoying, missing out on information  #GoogleWave
I'm not wearing pants to sleep tonight. it's hot in my bed 
briefs and socks. and of course phoebe's hoodie by my side 
@amazingphoebe nah, not on tweetdeck, internet is off  on Sykes while texting you D:
I don't like worrying  I don't want to go to sleep either, in case, well, y'know 
god, I'm so tired... might head to sleep nowww 
/thinks &quot;guess she went to sleep&quot; 
I don't want to work. it's like, just cos there is money. I want my baby instead 
should just stop worrying. she keeps taking forever, but it's probably nothing 
@WillBressington nooo  I punched the bus stop! oh well, do you have swine flu?
@WillBressington naww  shall we kill yo mumma and dadda? lol
@WillBressington fine, ruin my fun!  nah, come to schooooool 
oh shit, go me not knowing abreviations D: umm, probably 
i got excited! 
wish there was something i could do about the pain 
@WillBressington why thank you Will 
I don't like waiting 
i want my kiddo already 
@amazingphoebe never fat and ugly day for you 
i want a new laptop D: the new 13inch or 15inch macbookpro please 
I don't like this. 
@WillBressington I don't know how too  and she hasn't signed anything that I can look @ (NNN)
I want an iTouch! 
something must be wrong 
/meows @ billy. I hate leaving him outside  it's so cold!
ahaha go me getting scared of asking dad about the iPod Touch 
I don't think anything will happen tonight, might as well put my pyjamas on 
I don't want to wake up @amazingphoebe. but I miss her heaps 
I forgot to tie up one of my shoelaces, but I can't stop or I'll miss the bus :/ what do I do in this time of trouble? 
@amazingphoebe yes misses, that would be greatly appreciated  plus, you'd be able to choose one that you think will look good on meh 
@arjbarker  i shall see you on rove tonight then 
@amazingphoebe i told you last night baby, i can only see you tomorrow, plus we have all day tomorrow cos we got that family party shit 
@amazingphoebe i emailed you baby  eeek, i'll call you tonight yes 
finally I figured out why borat was coming out! 
on the way homeee 
eating food to keep me awake to watch the soccer. plus, keeps me alert and ready to worry and/or control my anger 
